Makera PR: Line nunmber discarding modal commands (#328)
Carvera-Community/Carvera_Community_Firmware: version.txt

- Enhancement: Added a new 4th axis self-calibration routine M469.6. This routine calibrates the 4th axis centreline in both Y and Z axis by probing a round object (such as chuck body) from multiple directions. This routine find the true zero point without being affected by runout or surface imperfections.
- Enhancement: Added improved PID Spindle control that increases performance of carvera C1 spindles. Setup requires following the guide on the documentation page
- Fixed: Prevent incorrect current line reporting after a tool change

> - Fixed: Corrected issue with line numbered gcode files where a modal command without the letter G would be discarded. Change from Makera

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed: Line-numbered gcode (e.g. N123 X10) are no longer dropped. After the line number is stripped, the rest of the line is now reprocessed normally, so modal moves without an explicit G word (e.g. N123 X10 Y10) run instead of being discarded. Backported and simplified from Makera firmware
```

> - Changed: conformed all error messages to the format ERROR: <message> for easier hooks in the controller

Reviewer: I added this to resolve the merge conflict
